1233 further enhance read the docs (#1289)
SciCompMod/memilio: docs/source/faq.rst

FAQ
====

> What do you mean when talking about a model implementation?
> --------------------------------------------------------------------
> 
> That's a very good question as a model for us can mean both a modelling framework as well as an actual (example) implementation. 
> We seperate between the abstract model, which e.g. could be a SEIR-ODE-Model and would be put into a model
> folder (in the C++ code), and the implemented model which fills the abstract model with parameter values, time spans etc. However, the model
> framework is also implemented, so it's also an implemented model... Hopefully it will be clear from the context what exactly
> we are talking about. 

Author: ```suggestion
What do you mean when talking about a *model* (implementation)?
--------------------------------------------------------------------

That's a very good question as *model* is used as short hand for different model abstraction or realization levels. The reason for the complexity in MEmilio is the modular structure and templated design which allows to transfer abstraction layers or abstract models to many different applications. With this, novel applications can be built with small overhead, benefitting from prior set-ups and scenarios, eventually realizing swift reaction to novel threats by emerging pathogens.
 
The question can hopefully be explained best from the end-user perspective. A particular example as implemented or used by an end-user and , e.g., returning concrete numbers of new infections on different simulation days is a *particular* model *realization* of a *templated* model such as ODE-SEIR in the C++ model folder. This templated model does not yet define the stratification into a precise number of age groups. Furthermore, while it provides default values for parameters, the model realization should be parametrized for the particular use case as the templated model is considered to be generic for many different use cases or pathogens with the same transmission pathway. In addition, a model *realization* can be a combination of two or more model realizations. For instance, we can use a graph structure to model the mobility and use different model realizations of ODE-SEIR models in different nodes of the graph. We then have one realization of the graph for modeling the mobility and two model realizations of ODE-SEIR type for two different regions. For an example, see here: https://github.com/SciCompMod/memilio/blob/main/cpp/examples/ode_secir_graph.cpp

If it will not be clear from the context, feel free to reach out directly.
```
